Add example of using Conjur Service Broker with Java client library (#129)
cyberark/conjur-service-broker: README.md

    cf restage <app-name>
    ``` 

#### <a name="examples"> Examples
##### Using the Conjur Service Broker and Java API

> In this example we retrieve a secret value using the [Conjur API for Java](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Conjur Service Broker is most frequently used with the [Conjur Buildpack](https://github.com/cyberark/cloudfoundry-conjur-buildpack), but you can also use the identity and authentication credentials provided by the service broker to authenticate with Conjur using different tools. In this example we retrieve a secret value using the [Conjur API for Java](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-java).
```

import net.conjur.api.Endpoints;
import net.conjur.api.clients.ResourceClient;

public class App {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        String vcapServices = System.getenv("VCAP_SERVICES");

        JsonReader jsonReader = Json.createReader(new StringReader(vcapServices));
        JsonObject credentials = jsonReader.readObject()
            .getJsonArray("cyberark-conjur")
            .getJsonObject(0)
            .getJsonObject("credentials");

        String account = credentials.getString("account");
        String apiKey = credentials.getString("authn_api_key");
        String applianceUrl = credentials.getString("appliance_url");
        String hostId = credentials.getString("authn_login");

        String authnUrl = String.format("%s/authn/%s", applianceUrl, account);
        String variableUrl = String.format("%s/secrets/%s/variable", applianceUrl, account);

        Endpoints conjurEndpoints = new Endpoints(authnUrl, variableUrl);
        ResourceClient conjurApi = new ResourceClient(hostId, apiKey, conjurEndpoints);

        String mySecretValue = conjurApi.retrieveSecret("dev/test-app/secret-key");

        System.out.println(mySecretValue);
    }
}
```

> Please note that [`conjur-api-java`](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-java) does not manage certificate trust. It is up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The  [`conjur-api-java`](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-java) does not manage certificate trust. It is up
```

> to you to import the Conjur CA certificate via `keytool` or otherwise. Secondly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> to you to import the Conjur CA certificate via `keytool` or otherwise. Secondly,
```

> `ResourceClient` should be used as the API client instead of `Conjur` (this differs from what's

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **NOTE:** `ResourceClient` should be used as the API client instead of `Conjur` (this differs from what's
```

> documented in the [`cyberark/conjur-api-java`](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-java) repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> documented in the [`cyberark/conjur-api-java`](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-java) repository).
```
